I hope you have gone through the README.txt before coming here!!!!

First thing is to create a database in phpmyadmin and import the database.sql file from the code.

After importing the database you will be able to see the tables to the left of your screen.

Then download PHP mailer and place that folder inside smtp folder in htdocs.(This is optional .. this has been done to send the password if user clicks forgot password!!!).


Next thing is to run homepage.php in your browser's localhost.
http://localhost/Php_projects/homepage.php

Then it presents you with Register and Login option.
First time user must register with their details which will be stored in the database.

Then click on the Already have an account link to navigate to the login page.Then login with correct credentials.

Now you will be displayed with the main homepage of the project. There you can access the various features like 
1.Viewing the details of the vehicle (2-wheeler/4-wheeler) by just entering the name of the vehicle.
2.After entering the name you will be displayed with the Vehicle Name,	Vehicle Type,	Vehicle Cost,	Vehicle Model,	Manufacture date and even Image of the vehicle will be displayed.
3.You have an option to buy that vehicle by clicking the buynow button. (!<-- this is done only for understanding purposes,obviously it does mean real purchasing of vehice FYI BTW :).-->)

All these are customers perspective of Vehicle Management System.
We also have ADMIN's perspective too.

In admin's view there are more features which can be accessed, like 
1> He can view the details of the customers who have purchased the vehicle.
2> He can also view who all have contacted him.
3> He also has the access to add new vehicles into the database, edit the old records, delete some vehicles etc.
(This feature of the admin is done in order to showcase the PHP CRUD operation which stands for Create, Read ,Update and Delete operations.)
4> Admin login details are        USERNAME :admin 
                                  PASSWORD:admin
